Introduce `AllCops: MigratedSchemaVersion` config (#1383)
rubocop/rubocop-rails: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/usage.adoc

application. If neither of those files exist, RuboCop will use Rails 5.0
as the default.

=== `AllCops: MigratedSchemaVersion`

> By specifying `MigratedSchemaVersion` option, migration files that have been migrated can be ignored.
> When `MigratedSchemaVersion: '20241231000000'` is set. Migration files lower than or equal to '20250101000000' will be ignored.
> For example, this is the timestamp in db/migrate/20250101000000_create_articles.rb.
> 
> [source,yaml]
> ----
> AllCops
>   MigratedSchemaVersion: '20250101000000'
> ----
> 
> This prevents inspecting schema settings for already applied migration files and avoids having different database schemas
> depending on when `bin/rails db:migrate` is executed.

Reviewer: Rewrite this section to add a bit more details. There is one error here where you write `20241231000000` that should be changed to `20250101000000` regardless.

```suggestion
By specifying the `MigratedSchemaVersion` option, migration files that have already been run can be ignored.
When `MigratedSchemaVersion: '20250101000000'` is set, migration files lower than or equal to '20250101000000' will be ignored.
For example, to ignore `db/migrate/20250101000000_create_articles.rb` and earlier migrations you would configure it the following way:

[source,yaml]
----
AllCops
  MigratedSchemaVersion: '20250101000000'
----

This prevents inspecting schema settings for already applied migration files. Changing already applied migrations should be avoided because it can lead to the schema getting out of sync between your local copy and what it actually is in production,
depending on when `bin/rails db:migrate` was executed.
If you want to modify your schema to comply with the cops, you should instead create new migrations.
```
